TODO
Q1 2025, definitely before May


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- NEXT VERSION

zoom font changes
9 repair jolly roger / repair box
latest layout changes

bonus manuever from 6 mental needs to be limited to mental maneuvers
too many unlocks used (like from lowering a level) should cause a red font and an exclamation mark
yeet all commented code
program shouldn't crash if you try to use it without loading data
ballast shenanigans
Bulky Internals can't be installed next to other Bulky Internals (Diagonally or otherwise)
optics tag limit
reset unlocks / reset internals shouldn't cause crashes
fish legend -> Underlay the names of the Fish Internals with the color that they are (purple, pink, orange, green, blue)
test 4.3 program export

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- SOME FUTURE VERSION

injuries / touch of the deep
deep words / curios / whatever other stuff???
right click on developments/maneuvers/deepwords in gear builder to see what they do
show known saves (duh)
tab switcher - narrative profile
  labels descriptor equipment
hovering over weight should cause all equipped internals to display their weight

warn when data would be lost (keep track of most recent save)
  exit
  return to main menu
  load
  new fish / new gear

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- wontfix / distant future / nonissues

right clicking to inspect has some problems
  the popup always stays within the edges of the screen, but if you mouse over the popup it will disappear (or if the popup pops up under your mouse) as soon as you release right click
  right clicking empty spaces sometimes gives you popup of the item whose aabb overlaps that empty space
    also causes problems since multiple items can occupy the same space

Questions
  numbers vs no_numbers export?
  power saving mode?

edit .json files
  custom background description
  lightweight construction / fish thing / gas pockets

godot theme???
UI polish pass
startup time seems a bit slow?















=MECH CREATION=

X Sort Gear Internals with sub-headers per section ( Weapons, Active, Passive, etc)

X Fisher stats need to be freely adjustable as Fishers can regularly pick up stat-increases during campaign play, decreases are also possible.

X Curio Internals are currently only visible when you take the development to take one, they should always be visible. Maybe make them only equippable when you take the development.
Curios are also obtainable outside of the development though so that also needs to be an option. Perhaps a disclaimer in the curio section is enough and they are freely available

X Deep Words are currently only available via Developments, Fishers sometimes are able to pick up Deep-Words via progression during Campaign play so they need to be more accessible during creation.

X gear builder: weight cap & weight -> top right under unlocks
remove weight cap & weight from bottom right


=FISH CREATION=

X Created Fish have little number bubbles on their internals so they can be associated with their names in the legend.
- > Can the numbers be smaller? Right now they are covering a bunch of the artwork. - If not, the number bubble must be moved for some internals,
otherwise it covers critical parts of the art.
- > Make number bubbles toggle-able. Turn them on and off

X Fish Legend
-> Some names of some internals are all over the place, the fish part legend just doesnt look neat at all currently
we can make the names of some fish internals shorter but overall this just needs to be tidier.

X Leviathans are multi-grid fish
-> in Gearwright their grids are currently named section 1, 2 and 3 etc. In the rules we have labeled them as body parts with distinct names.

X When making a Screenshot of a Fish it should automatically de-select the name bar. perhaps there is a different way to export a PNG other than screenshot.

X Reset Internals on the Fish should also Reset fish Template and its bonuses to "Common".


=QUALITY ASSURANCE=

X Ralf goes through everything and sees if all the stats are correct for everything and if everything is there, some developments are missing for example.


=BUG FIXES=

X Internals that have a weird shape that leaves many spaces inside them open overlay internals with their empty spaces, making it impossible to click these "integrated" internals.

X Loading a fish with a template will set the "Mutations remaining" value to max (even if you have already spent the mutations).

X Fisher advancements are not displayed when loading a save

X Fisher saves can still have overlapping internals (discarded internals are not consistently removed from the file)


=IF SANTA IS GOOD TO ME THIS YEAR=

X I am commissioning Terrain for Fathomless Gears, coupled with the fact that its a simple square grid and that all maps are 20x20 and all terrain pieces are
rectangles it really shouldn't be to hard to throw a map editor into the program. It would be the cherry on top of everything.

Do you want a "battle" mode, where you can track all the stuff you currently track by drawing Xs on stuff in real time?
  (it would be a pretty sizeable undertaking)








DONE
  fish column headers are less garbo
  Fisher stat box should be inside the Fisher Mech - Screenshot rectangle
  fun li'l floating warning when you try to do something forbidden
  Limited
  fish mutation editing box is less messy
  where does that .fsh file come from
    it's a bunch of files zipped up
    are you editing all these json files by hand?
      yes, and it needs more changes
  fish builder and gear builder now use the same inventory system, thank christ
  learned how assets are handled (what the pck is for)
  overall layout changed
  stats list realignment
  save file shenanigans
  hide all the spacers
  adjust zoom levels so exports play nice, don't worry about scrolling internals
  thorn spitter iv -> legend number placement is not inside the internal, eep
  multiline leviathan serpent
  fish size gear section configs grrr
    serpent
    siltstalker
    leviathan
    the others
  some way to clear currently selected internal (right click?) (this already works mark you dummy)



NEW FEATURES LIST
  Stat list now shows breakdown on hover
  non-head sections grey out if you pick up a head internal, same for all internals/sections
  li'l slot hover hightlight
OTHER DONE STUFF
  old mech builder moved into top level mech builder script
  emit_signal("whatever") -> whatever.emit()
  download export templates





